19:56 daddy
fakeblock got the train horn the air
right there's no air tank the air stays
in a inside the frame so the frame holds
the air as web wood this breaks 26-inch
rims fully caught some big block Chevy
blue Ford
this thing is totally totally badass
they got your switches that's that
lights
look at the middle finger
you want to buy this truck give me a
call at nine five four nine three seven
eight two seven one with a serious cash
offer nine five four nine three seven
eight two seven one visit big boy hot
rods calm for more cool rides big boy
hot rods dot-com
if you need help with shipping I can
ship this right to your doorstep
this is big-boy hotrods calm big-boy hot
rod starts off
Drock run at 100 miles an hour on the
higher with no problem it could be used
as a daily driver if you want call me
right now if you want to buy this truck
I do and I do want options early on eBay
so it could disappear or eBay at any
minute so you want to buy this truck
give me a call at nine five four nine
three seven eight two seven one visit
big boy hot rods calm for more trucks
for sale my name is Alex give me a call
right now thanks